---
layout: page
title: Contribute
permalink: /contribute/
---

<p>I&#39;d love to have your involvement with the game, there&#39;s lots to do!&nbsp;I will create a full contributors guide soon, but here is how you can get involved at the moment:</p><h3>Create and edit game cards</h3><p>I have a list of game cards I want to create (and have created), but I will have missed some perfect candidates for the game and welcome your suggestions. If you see anything missing you are welcome to edit the existing cards. I have tried to make this process as simple as possible, but I will need you to <a href="/user/register">register an account</a>, just so I can keep tabs on changes made and by who. Once you have an approved account you will see an &#39;edit&#39; link on each card.</p><ul><li>Head to the <a href="/cards">cards page</a>.</li><li>Want to get involved with this task? <a href="https://trello.com/c/Zqma7vkH/70-add-flavour-text-to-cards" target="_blank">Add yourself to our Trello card</a>.</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><h3>Graphic Design</h3><p>The initial version of chip shop is set in 80s America, but the game is designed to be supplemented by many regional and era based expansions. Therefore there are certain components in the game based in one era/region, whilst others will be common across all.</p><p>The card decks will largely be specific to an era and region, there are some that may be common, but that may be an issue to worry about later. Hence the initial card decks should have an 80s American feel. I am unsure whether to use real images for products, people and events or illustrations. You can see an example of the sort of information that a card contains <a href="/cards">here</a>. Ideally as many text elements as possible will be replaced with icons, this includes number values, <a href="/manual/concepts">game concepts</a> and era/region.</p><p>The score board can be common across the game, I have some initial ideas for this, but nothing set in stone. There are three score tracks for up to six players and these are likely to be high values.</p><p>The player boards (working title &lsquo;factories&rsquo;) are currently common across the game, but this could change. I have some rough ideas I can share for what is needed on each one.</p><p>The player screens are a component that I think may be interesting, but play testing could possibly remove them. At the moment I see them as common across the game. One side could contain rule summaries. The other side should have strong visuals and areas for public cards (some personalities and events) to be clipped to.</p><p>Finally, there are several other components, but I think for sake of cost and future expansion potential, these can be generic for now.</p><p>For all these common elements the design needs to not be too locked to one region or era. This could be achieved through using images from a mixture of eras and regions (laying ground for expansions) or something more generic.</p><p>The retro computer design I am currently using is not set in stone, it just seemed the most obvious for now.</p><p>Whilst I have an idea of what is needed right now, it is likely that more components may be needed or changes will be required after play testing. Thus, I am looking for a designer who is either happy to be flexible and bill in an on going way, or someone to make some initial designs of all components that I can work with. I intend the game to be open source and collaborative amongst players and would like a designer who understands that. I can take responsibility for turning your Photoshop designs into reusable html or templates, but even better would be someone who can work in HTML+CSS, SVG or other flexible formats. I am happy to pay good rates for the right designer and if all works out, there will be more work, but I need someone who understands what I&rsquo;m trying to accomplish in terms of the &lsquo;open&rsquo; ethic and won&rsquo;t be too bothered about their work being adapted, converted and possibly modified by others.</p><p><a href="/connect">Connect with me</a> if you&#39;re interested in being involved.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><h3>Other Tasks</h3><p>I maintain all current tasks that are well defined on our <a href="https://trello.com/b/uqiDfGmP/chip-shop-board-game" target="_blank">public trello board</a>. Take a look through the tasks and find one you would like to work on. If there are no instructions, &#39;@chrischinchilla&#39; to get my attention and I will tell you more. To find tasks specifically aimed at Contributors, look for those with the light green &quot;Tasks for Contributors&quot; label.</p><p>There will be more details to follow soon.&nbsp;I would recommend you have a <a href="/manual">read through the manual</a>, it&#39;s nowhere near complete, but will give a rough idea of how the game fits together.</p>
